README.rst, before:

======================
scrapy-zyte-smartproxy
======================

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/scrapy-zyte-smartproxy.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/scrapy-zyte-smartproxy
   :alt: PyPI Version

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/scrapy-plugins/scrapy-zyte-smartproxy.svg?branch=master
   :target: http://travis-ci.org/scrapy-plugins/scrapy-zyte-smartproxy
   :alt: Build Status

.. image:: http://codecov.io/github/scrapy-plugins/scrapy-zyte-smartproxy/coverage.svg?branch=master
   :target: http://codecov.io/github/scrapy-plugins/scrapy-zyte-smartproxy?branch=master
   :alt: Code Coverage

scrapy-zyte-smartproxy provides easy use of `Zyte Smart Proxy Manager
<https://www.zyte.com/smart-proxy-manager/>`_ (formerly Crawlera) with Scrapy.

Requirements
============

* Python 2.7 or Python 3.4+
* Scrapy 1.4+

Installation
============

You can install scrapy-zyte-smartproxy using pip::

    pip install scrapy-zyte-smartproxy


Documentation
=============

Documentation is available online at
https://scrapy-zyte-smartproxy.readthedocs.io/ and in the ``docs`` directory.

Commit message:

Update log messages and README intro to minimize confusion for Zyte API proxy mode users

README.rst, after:

======================
scrapy-zyte-smartproxy
======================

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/scrapy-zyte-smartproxy.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/scrapy-zyte-smartproxy
   :alt: PyPI Version

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/scrapy-plugins/scrapy-zyte-smartproxy.svg?branch=master
   :target: http://travis-ci.org/scrapy-plugins/scrapy-zyte-smartproxy
   :alt: Build Status

.. image:: http://codecov.io/github/scrapy-plugins/scrapy-zyte-smartproxy/coverage.svg?branch=master
   :target: http://codecov.io/github/scrapy-plugins/scrapy-zyte-smartproxy?branch=master
   :alt: Code Coverage

scrapy-zyte-smartproxy is a `Scrapy downloader middleware`_ to use one of
Zyte’s proxy services: either the `proxy mode`_ of `Zyte API`_ or `Zyte Smart
Proxy Manager`_ (formerly Crawlera).

.. _Scrapy downloader middleware: https://doc.scrapy.org/en/latest/topics/downloader-middleware.html
.. _proxy mode: https://docs.zyte.com/zyte-api/usage/proxy-mode.html
.. _Zyte API: https://docs.zyte.com/zyte-api/get-started.html
.. _Zyte Smart Proxy Manager: https://www.zyte.com/smart-proxy-manager/

Requirements
============

* Python 2.7 or Python 3.4+
* Scrapy 1.4+

Installation
============

You can install scrapy-zyte-smartproxy using pip::

    pip install scrapy-zyte-smartproxy


Documentation
=============

Documentation is available online at
https://scrapy-zyte-smartproxy.readthedocs.io/ and in the ``docs`` directory.
